[FCE-920] Describe metadata (#63)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: docs/_common/metadata/header.mdx

Alongside with Video and Audio, it also possible to send additional metadata with each peer. Metadata is just
JSON that could contain additional information. Most common usage is to send user name associated with track.
But it can be also used to send camera type, application information etc.

:::info

> You can also set metadata on [server side, when adding user to the room](/production/server#metadata). These metadata can be defined only when user is joining room and can't be
> update later. Neither by server nor client SDK. They can be used to add information that can't be overwritten, like information about real user name
> or basic permission info.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** 
```suggestion
You can also set metadata on [the server side, when adding user to the room](/production/server#metadata). These metadata are defined while creating a peer on the server side and are persistent throughout its lifetime.  Server metadata allow attaching information that can't be overwritten, like information about real user name
or basic permission info.
```
